# Client Meeting on 9/30/2019

## Meeting Start Time

2022/10/06/11:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/10/06/12:00

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Alex, Andrew, Jacob, William

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

<ul>
  <li>prototype design work</li>
  <li>talked about what kind of components we want in this program</li>
  <li>Some componenets could be a save/load/export/import buttons, A hover bar that holds the instructions that are able to be dragged, 
  A working tree, and maybe a console depending on if it's needed.</li>
  <li>Clarification on a few items will be needed from the client.</li>
  <li>Will reach out soon about these clarifications</li>
</ul>

## Things Clarified

<ul>
  <li>Setup meeting time for showing design to the client. Will be Tuesday</li>
  <li>discussed time to meet with mentor. Will be on Saturday</li>
  <li>Redefine prototype and design based on client response</li>
  <li>Discussed possiblities of packaging. Executable? Webapp? etc. Pretty far down the road, but good thing to think about nonetheless</li>
</ul>
