# Week of 02/19/2023 - 02/26/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/26/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/26/15:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Alex, Andrew, Jacob, William, Wesley

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed
- Current state of tasks
  - Jacob - Partial implementation of splash screen complete
  - William - Testing nearly done and began work on the flow system inside of the new modal
  - Andrew - Modal complete, moved to writing backend code for steps
  - Wesley - More bug fixing, reaching out to someone for help
  - Alex - Working on implementing Andrew's previous code into pre-prod
- Plans for spring break
- Plan toime for meeting with ben (Evan will be included)

## Things Clarified
- End of iteration goals
  - have a small, working step system with basic functionality
  - Clean up the project
  - Reach 70% test coverage
- What to do when unsure of how to move forward
  - Will discuss with Ben at meeting
  - Need more info about future deliverables, regardless of if they are planned for this iteration
    - Will give us a more solid idea of how to build out the architecture

## Tasks Distributed
- William: finish testing, implement flow into step modal
- Alex: finish andrew's old code, help with UI refactor
- Andrew: Implement some of the backend of the step functionality
- Wesley: Finish bug fixing (soon), help with UI refactor
- Jacob: Finish splash screen, begin more QOL changes
