Client Meeting on 11/22/2022
Meeting Start Time
2022/11/22/13:00

Meeting End Time
2022/11/22/14:15

Location/Medium
RB Meeting Room
Present
Ben, Andrew, Will, Jacob, Alex
Minute Recorder
Alex
Topics Discussed

LAP is one huge state machine.
•	Nodes can only talk down through the state machine, can’t talk up
•	Cannot talk to themselves
•	Discrete inputs are either on or off, binary
•	Analog inputs have more than two values

•	If you start at the bottom when programming, you start with sequence type 2
•	You can tell another process to start
•	You can program something like phaseMilk2 which is above opMilkResetStart and opMilkStop
•	You start at the end with a bank of operations then go to the top
•	Whatever the largest number is where the process starts
o	Top doesn’t have to be only one node
•	Connections need to be directional
•	Dropdown box should be a searchable dropdown
•	Group sequences can be optional with colors assigned to different sequences
•	Will have to figure out what the next step in the line is and where it goes. Controllers are all static. An array is fixed in PLC programming. You put in the AOI, you must specify the size of sequences. It is important because you can cause a fault in the controller and you have to restart the controller which can kill people.
•	Will implement a deploy button in their database
•	A control module can talk to another PLC program. It can be more of an intermediary
•	Can you import a previously exported JSON file and have it be individualized as a node?
•	If you want to do something like mix milk, you have to program the steps that are in the process.
o	Each sequence can have up to a certain number of steps. There’s no max since Siemens don’t have static arrays.
o	Control modules are either machines or interfaces that talk to LAP. It’s a real-life interface like a valve or meter.
o	In order to control those, you need steps
o	SCATA controls everything in the factory.
o	If you have some equipment module for mixing milk, under that sequence you can have steps.
o	Double-click and expand as a modal with a name above it
•	This makes it easier to program in assembly
•	When you drag something to something it’ll be a subsequence.
o	Steps will have their own settings
o	Steps can do up to nine things.
o	Conditions, condition types, and condition groups
o	If you set the stepType to 3, you’ll get three groups
o	Condition group one, group two, and three.
	If it is a 1 then only one will be shown
	2 = two will be shown and so on
	If there is three across, it’ll be a series of conditions.
	There is a next-step parameter in each.
	Con only do continuous if you do all three
	Modal box is one step’s configuration. It’s like step 1 out of 30
o	Can set either a direct step or state
	If you get to step 15 maybe it sets it to step one which is initialize.
	To initialize, you have a timer, wait five seconds, then lob a true value to start pump 1, you then check to see if it started.
	You then check the mixer, if its running go to step 5
o	Dragging connections between states. Steps can talk to steps or sequences.
o	It is important that we show it.
	Group 1 is green, 2 blue, 3 orange.
	If we show steps for sequence one, what’ll happen is maybe step one condition one can be a green line, condition two can be blue, and one can have a loop back that is green. We can show where things go.
	If it’s a color system 
	Should be able to see things running in the PLC by lighting up, where they’re supposed to be, where they are, and compare them.
•	Won’t have to make a driver	
•	It’s important to understand how custom nodes work on react flow
o	When you create a custom node, you have props
o	You can make a changeable function using let
o	Const myNode(data)=>
{
Data.sequenceNumber = 2
Data.sequenceType
//want to be able to leverage things.
//if I imported everythuing but the configuration, it might look at something different
//use a uuid
Data.suuid = xxxx.xxx.xxxx
//only want to store xxxx.xxx.xxxx
//only time you want to store more is if you save it locally since you might not be looking at the database since you can be doing this offline and online
}

Things Clarified
Work on connections for the database
