# Client Meeting on 10/12/2022

## Meeting Start Time

10/12/2022/3:00

## Meeting End Time

10/12/2022/4:00

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Wesley, Andrew, Jacob, William, Alex, Ben

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

<ul>
<li>Tech Stack will change: Instead of mssql, PostgreSQL will be used. This is because business is switching over
<li>Requirements, use cases, and first iteration plans will change. This is due to clairifications in the project (listed below)
<li>Configurstions are basically a file that will be sent to the PLC. Instead of containing sequences. steps, etc... like previously thought, users will 
instead modify the sequences and other items inside of the configuration
<li>Once modified, an API will be hit that calls a stored query in the db. This stored query adds the required tables and data to the db without us having to do anything
<li>We will not have to download the data to the PLC. That is all automatically done by a service that already exists
<li>This is a replacement for a list based GUI that already exists, so a user will need to be able to switch from one GUI to the other, while having
the data ported over accordingly. 
<li>All functionalities of the old GUI will need to be present in the new GUI
<li>There are many complexities that we haven't even discussed about the system, so Ben reccomended a small incremental approach. We will start out with just the UI
functions and then slowly add the required functionalities each iteration. Future requirements will only be made known once previous tasks have been finished
<li>For the first iteration, we will be focusing only on the UI
<li>We will have an in person meeting before the end of the first iteration to sit down and discuss all of the complexities on a whiteboard level. This will help us
understand the project even better

## Things Clarified
### Next week
<li>Begin work on the UI
<li>Add the dependencies on our local machines (react, postgres, etc)
<li>Maybe meet in person with the client depending on our schedules
