# Client Meeting on 2/6/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/06/19:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/06/19:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Ben, Wesley, William, Andrew, Jacob, Alex

## Minute Recorder

Alex

## Topics Discussed

- Current state of the project
  - Project is about 40% done in terms of features.
  - Expects significant additions of features in the upcoming iteration.

## Things Clarified

- Use modals instead of the built-in browser controls.
- Verified who worked on which features
- Bug fixes and testing will be worked on.

## Client Use of the Project

- Client used the software in the Blue Ridge office on Will's machine.
- Features Tested
  - [FR10] Upon saving, each sequence and control module on screen will be saved in the database with its respective information.
  - [FR25] User can access configurable settings through a menu on the step node.
  - [FR27] A sequence should have a drop down menu containing a selection of sequence types for the user to choose from.
  - [FR30] Upon clicking the icon to delete a configuration, the user will be prompted to confirm the deletion before the action occurs.
  - [FR31] Upon closing a tab, the user will be prompted that unsaved changes will be lost.
  - [FR32] When a config file has been changed, an asterisk will be added to its respective tab's title to show that there are unsaved changes.
- He used the software for around 5 minutes
- Reaction
  - He seemed pretty satisfied with what was done but voiced higher expectations for features in this upcoming iteration.
  - He also wants us to user modals instead of using the built-in browser features.
- Recognized a few unusual things with the UI such as elements not fully displayed.
- Issues
  - Nodes weren't connected
  - A bug was found where you aren't able to perform the delete functionality without clicking the tab on top
  - The zoom controls weren't fully displayed. They were sort of cut off at the bottom of the screen.
  - When saving a configuration, hitting the "Ok" and "Cancel" buttons performed the same function.
