# Client Meeting on 04/17/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/04/17/12:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/04/17/12:30

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Ben, Wesley, William, Andrew, Jacob, Alex

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

- Current state of the project
  - Usability
    - Likes the step configuration menu and is pleased with it's implementation for demonstration purposes.
    - talked about its use for mocking and demonstrating to clients possible solutions to their PLC programming
    - Liked the small QOL changes, but found some small bugs in the system
      - deleting steps accidentally
      - renaming/dragging overlap
      - ever present exclamation mark bug
    - thought the default color scheme was great, but wanted a way for users to overwrite those defaults
  - Satisfied with the work we've done and where the project is at.

## Things Clarified

- Things could look cleaner and more pfoessional. Some things are a little amateurish
- More impressed with commit history and everyone's contributions

## Client Use of the Project

- Client used the software in the Blue Ridge office on Will's machine.
- Features Tested
  - [FR36] A user should be able to use a navigation bar at the top of the screen to access settings for the application.[BR2][HIGH]
  - [FR11] The user shall be required to login before accessing the visual IDE. [BR1] [LOW]
  - [FR23] In the step configuration workspace, there will be a conditional block for every layer of it's parent sequence [BR1][HIGH]
  - [FR35] Each step's configuration menu should edit the connection lines of the node it is contained within when a user changes relations inside of the configuration modal. [BR2]{HIGH]
  - [FR39] Step handles are added or removed based on the user selected step type[BR2][HIGH]
  - [FR40] Each sequence/control module type should have a default color associated with it that the user can override[BR2][LOW]
  - [FR41] Users should be able to add labels and colors to lines if they wish{BR2][MEDIUM]
  - [FR44] Users should be able to rename steps to what they desire.[BR2][HIGH]
- He used the software for around 10 minutes
- Reaction
  - Satisfied with what was done.
  - Said that we got a great foundation and the hard legwork out of the way for a better, improved LAP
  - Still found a couple UI QOL features to implement as well as some that did not get done.
  - Appreciated the work everyone put in, and had an "interesting" experience with our group.
- Issues
  - browser popups, amateur.
  - More features wanted in general.
  - Couple of bugs that need worked out.
