<h1>Mentor Meeting on 10/11/2022</h1>

<h2>Meeting Start Time</h2>

2022/10/11/18:00

<h2>Meeting End Time</h2>

2022/10/11/18:55

<h2>Location/Medium</h2>

Discord

<h2>Present</h2>

Wesley Kring, Alex Hupe, Andrew Dickinson, Jackob Dye, William Gibson, Evan (Mentor)

<h2>Minute Recorder</h2>

Wesley Kring

<h2>Topics Discussed</h2>
<li>Current state of the presentation
<li>Tech stack was verified by all members of the group
<li>Buisness requirements that were given to us
<li>Domain model was verified by all members of the team
<li>Functional and nonfunctional requirements were discussed
<li>Prototype was reviewed and demoed for the group so that it can be verified

<h2>Things Clarified</h2>

<li>Clarified that the buisness requirements may be too broad and that they should be more specific for verification
<li>Multiple business requirements were discussed and marked for clarification with the client
<li>Use cases were clarified to be more like user stories
