# Mentor Meeting on 2/24/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/02/06/17:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/02/06/17:40**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Evan, William, Jacob, Alex, Wesley, Andrew

## Minute Recorder

William

## Topics Discussed

- Current deliverables
  - Name updating
  - basic step modal
- progress of future deliverables
 
## Things Clarified

- Need to talk to ben about being unclear on what needs done.
  - his methods of revelaing features as they are needed is not working for us
- Retro
  - How confident are we about the state of the project?
  - How confident are we about our schoolwork and job outlook?
  - What questions do we have for Evan about anything?
  



